	
	Example Phrase List Setup For The List Manager and Auto Formatter:
	
	
	(Note about the following puctuation examples: Most of these are removed during the adding proccess
	 anyway, but apostrophes and commas are added back to the phrases as part of the string list formatting
	 to separate the phrases.
	
	 The ONLY punctuation that is kept is dashes and underscores, besides the commas and apostrophes that
	 separate the phrases.
	
	 Some of these examples are just in case you manually edit the files in a text editor,
	 since the list manager takes care of them when you add the phrases.)
	
	
	Example - Vertical List:
	car
	a truck
	a green boat
	keep
	adding
	lines like
	this
	
	
	Example - Horizontal List:
	car, a truck, a green boat, keep, adding, lines like, this
	
	
	Example - Mixed List Types:
	car
	a truck
	a green boat
	car, a truck, a green boat, keep, adding, lines like, this
	keep
	adding
	lines like
	this
	
	
	Example - Acceptable Punctuation In Phrases:
	car
	a_truck
	a-green boat
	'apple'
	"a painting of"
	
	'this', 'is', 'also ok', 'to do', 'in', 'the list before', 'adding' (this is the app's internal string formatting)
	
	"this", "is", "also", "also ok", "to do", "in", "the list before", "adding"
	
	
	Example - Uncceptable Punctuation In Phrases:
	jake's (unless you don't mind it becoming "Jakes")
	
	(this), ((is not)), (OK to do:1.24), (((if you plan on))), (using the random weights:0.673)
	(Note: The random weights function removes all existing weights before adding new ones.)
	
	'this "is" not OK' (the quotes will get detected as a seperator and split it into 3 parts.)
	
	'this 'is' not OK' (the apostrophes around the word 'is' will get detected as a seperator
	and split it into 3 parts.)
	
	
	Basically, do not bracket your phrases with any symbols except for the ones I showed to be OK.
	Follow my examples and look at the way the pre-poppulated lists are laid out for more examples.
	
	
	The basic format is: category_name = ['your', 'lists will', 'be formatted like', 'this', 'in the list files in the app']
	
	
    Making your own categories/phrase lists:
    I used ChatGPT to make most of the lists, along with a chat AI on Huggingface.co to list the X-Rated categories.
    I recomend asking ChatGPT to make a list of whatever you want. A vertical list is totally OK.
    Take the lists that chatgpt makes for you and paste them into the Phrase List Manager's input field and click
    the add button. The list will be formatted correctly and added to the list box. 
    
    Avoiding APOSTROPHES is absolutely needed because they break the string list file. The app can have errors. 
    Try to avoid getting the punctuation I mentioned, by telling chatgpt to make sure not to use any special
    characters or accent marks. Telling chatgpt to make a python string can get you what you want too (pre-formatted),
    when the AI is feeling generous. LOL.
    
    
    Fixing a broken category list file:
    If you do break the list files, and get errors loading the app, and you can't fix it, I have provided a backup of
    all the original category files. (Checkthe app folder for: Backups.zip)
	
	
	Now,Go Make Some Cool Stuff!!!
	
	:EyeFly: